Being a -role- I want -feature- so that -value-. // model


Being a -HR advisor- I want -abilities to organise statistical data based on as many resonable (primary) criteria as possible- so that -I am able to provide others with the data requirement they might have (which adheres to their own possibly complicated requests)-.

Being a -Department advisor- I want -quick statistics on what we use most- so that -we can concetrate on decisions rather than on how to get our data-.

Being a -Marketer- I want -a clean interface- so that -clients understand the data shown-.

Being a -Manager- I want -percentages as well as numbers- so that -I can both understand and view the data-.

Being a -Consultant- I want -adaptability- so that -I can provide better organised data to clients, when they request it-.
( So, Being a -developer- I want -organised and commented code- so that -adjustments can be made efficiently-. )

Being a -Statistician- I want -easity convertable data layouts- so that -I am able to include the application results in the studies I have to provide-.

Being a -Manager- I want -flexible data organisation- so that -I can explain it to others in multiple ways until they understand-.

Being a -Statistician- I want -lots of data, as many as possible- so that -I am able to provide with all the information I am requested-.

Being a -Marketer- I want -easy to use interface- so that -clients understand what I am doing when I show them data (so that they understand that the data I am showing them is a result of the application, not a trick)-.

Being a -Department advisor- I want -every option to be explained to us- so that -we can all use the application without constantly trying to figure out what each option does-.

Being a -Marketer- I want -to use the application on multiple operating systems- so that -I am able to run it anywhere-.

Being a -Department advisor- I want -custom data layouts- so that -I am able to show the same really specific data to many other people involved-.

Being a -Marketer- I want -to be able to show how I got to the data when I have the output- so that -clients understand the data better-.

Being a -Department advisor- I want -an adaptable interface- so that -so taht as we use the application we are able to really make it ours-.

Being a -Department advisor- I want -decimal precision- so that -I am able to show exact data-.

